# Store Folder

This directory is generated by Nuxt which contains your Vuex Store files.  
More information about the usage of this directory in [the documentation](https://nuxtjs.org/guide/vuex-store).

Vuex will act as global data store/bank for all of your pages and components.  
You can store data and modify them from anywhere within the app in predictable manner.

## Current Modules

Currently we have several store modules.

### `store/sidebar`

This modules stores states and mutations related to the Sidebar component of the Admin Layout.  
For example, you may change the Sidebar to be collapsed using the [`toggleCollapsed`](/store/sidebar/index.js) mutation in this store module.  
In smaller screen, you may slide the Sidebar into the screen or hide it off screen using the [`toggleRevealed`](/store/sidebar/index.js) mutation.

### `store/navbar`

This module stores states related to the navbar.  
Currently it only stores config imported from the [`Navbar config`](/configs/layout/navbar.config.js) file.

### `index.js`

This is the root store file. You usually don't define anything here unless it is a global state or mutation.  
In Nuxt, there is a special action called [`nuxtServerInit`](https://nuxtjs.org/docs/directory-structure/store/#the-nuxtserverinit-action) which will be runned in the server when doing SSR.

This [`nuxtServerInit`](https://nuxtjs.org/docs/directory-structure/store/#the-nuxtserverinit-action) can only be placed in this root store.  
Any module that requires server-side data-fetching/processing should walk from this [`nuxtServerInit`](https://nuxtjs.org/docs/directory-structure/store/#the-nuxtserverinit-action) action.  
For example the [`sidebarServerInit`](/store/sidebar/index.js) we have right now which runs the cookie reading in the server for the Sidebar.  
By doing this, we can keep the sidebar state even on the server.
