# Layouts Folder

This folder is generated by Nuxt.  
It should contains any layout (and its components) used in the project.

Right now we have several layouts for the Admin app.

### `layouts/admin`

This is the main admin layout.  
Inside the folder you will find some supporting components including components for the sidebar, navbar, footer, container etc.

For example, to customize the sidebar menu, you can go to [`sidebar.vue`](/layouts/admin/sidebar.vue)  
to customize the navbar menu, you can go to [`navbar.vue`](/layouts/admin/navbar.vue)

### `layouts/auth`

This layout is used by the `/login` and `/logout` page.  
There shouldn't be any major customization needed for this layout.

### `layouts/default`

This layout is a blank layout and serves as the default layout when no layout is specified in the page.

# Defining Your Layout

There are two ways of defining your page layout.  
You can either define `layout: 'your-layout'` in your page,  
or you also can import and use the layout as component, the same way as you use any other component.

## 1. As Layout Property

You may define the layout property in your page like below.  
And that's all you need.

```
export default {
  layout: 'admin'
}
```

You can find this usage in the [`login`](/pages/login/index.vue) page.

## 2. As Component

Unlike the first option, by using the layout as component, you have the ability to supply several slots to the layout itself.  
Such as providing title, breadcrumbs, etc.

Implementation layout as component can be found in the [`admin/list`](/pages/admin/list/index.vue) page
